Perspective	Mode of Communication	Note
Gabor Institute	Official Letter to Employees	"Memo: All Employees, 
It has been made aware to us of employees leaking private documents to the press. The research in those documents is private, protected, and distribution is strictly forbidden.
Any and all employees partaking in these actions will face severe legal punishments. 
Sincerely, Management"
Gabor Institute	Official Letter to Employees	"Memo: All Employees,
It is that time of year again. Please visit your nearest HR representative for your required quarterly non-disclosure agreement signing.
Updates this quarter include: 
-No discussions with the media including, but not limited to: online social media, print media, video media, live media, written media. 'Media' involves any organization larger than 5 members.
-No disussions of Operation Holofields to any persons within or outside of the company
-Authority to increase the amount of surveillance in the office and in the parking lot
-Access to monitor all company technology including digital or print communications.
We will see you again next quarter, Management"
Gabor Institute	Official Letter to Employees	"Memo: All Employees, 
Local media reports have indicated that the company is facing financial hardships. We want to ensure you that that is not true. All of your jobs inside of Operation Holofield will remain. 
However, we will need to make some slight budget re-allocations to ensure everyone in this sector will remain employed: 
-C-Suite Employees: No reduction of salary
-Dividends paid to shareholders: 5% reduction
-Middle Management: 20% salary reduction
-Engineers: 40% salary reduction
-Manufacturing Division: 50% salary reduction
Also: Paid time off, insurance, and retirement matching will be suspended until further notice. 
We appreciate your continued efforts in this. 
Management"
Gabor Institute	Official Letter to Employees	"Memo: All Employees,
Effective immediately, all employees in Division A through C of Operation Holofield are terminated. 
Access to badges and technology have been revoked. 
Divisions D through F may continue operation, their workload may see slight increases as this restructure takes place. 
Sincerely, Management"
Carol	Written note	"Dolly,
I heard from Tom in Division B that testing is not going as planned. I'm going to have to start looking for another job. Phil and I can't wait around for the next round of budget cuts.
I wish you luck, but I've got to get out of here.
Carol"
F	Written note	"P,
Here are those accounting documents you wanted. Shred them when you're done. 
Take a look at the debt to equity numbers. If I were you, I'd sell.
F"
Shawn	Written note	"Paul,
Have you seen Carpathian Tech's latest demo? Holographic food and cell phones! They are way ahead of us. I don't know if the company will be around much longer if they don't catch up.
Shawn"
Gabor Institute	Official Letter to Employees	"Memo: All Employees,
Congratulations on hitting the quotas last year. As promised, here are the bonuses as previously discussed. 
-C-Suite Employees: 15% of salary
-Middle Management: 10% of salary
-Engineers and Manufacturing: 5% of salary
As we cleared the goals with such ease, we will be elevating the objectives next year. 
Continue to make great things. 
Management"
Cindy	Written note	"Dina,
I'm scared. The latest rounds of Holofield testing didn't meet expectations. Management is wanting completed numbers soon. I don't want to say it failed again, I need this job. 
Should I fudge the numbers? No, thats wrong... But I can't fail them either. 
I don't know what to do...
Cindy"
Derek	Written note	"Cindy, 
It was quite apparent the Holofield did not pass safety expectations, yet you signed the paperwork to let it through. 
I have no choice but to report this to Management. 
I would suggest you start packing your desk. 
Derek "
Sarah	Written note	"Audra,
You sly fox! I know you brought your baby here to show him off, he is such a cute little thing! 
I also saw that gave you extra access to other departments for show-and-tell.
Don't think I didn't see you slip a couple folders into your stroller. I'll have my eye on you ;) 
Sarah"
Derek	Written note	Aaron - get out. Get out now. Management knows what you did and they are on their way. 
Clara/Thomas	IM thread	"Clara: That was a difficult meeting... Half of the analytics team was just let go. 
Thomas: I heard it was because they disagreed with how management was running the company. 
Clara: srsly!? 
Thomas: Yea, you didn't hear it from me, but Derek was talking to Cindy safety tests that were passed, but actually failed. HR showed up within 20 minutes to his desk and he was gone. 
Clara: ... working here is getting scary.
Thomas: no - no.. its not. We just have to do our jobs and not ask questions. 
Thomas: ... we better just leave it at that. "
Theo/Alice	IM thread	"Alice: T-man! Did you sign the birthday card I left on your desk?
Theo: No... why would I do that? 
Alice: 1) its nice. 2) he's the CEO's son. You have to. 
Theo: I don't have to do anything. 
Alice: You may not like it, but he has a lot of pull around here, plus - they take attendance based on who signs the cards. 
Theo: I don't want to and you can't make me. I come in and do my job, that should be good enough. 
Alice: Fine. I'll forge your name like last time. "
Gabor Institute	Employee of the Month Award	"June: 
Daniel Showenbock 
Reason: Found ways automate testing of Operation Holofield eliminating the need for human testers. 
Result: Annual savings of more than $8 million.
Reward: 1 day of Paid Time Off, must be used before next award is issued. Daniel must remain on call if issues arise. "
Gabor Institute	Official Letter to Employees	"Memo: All Employees,
Due to last year's incident, 'Bring Your Child to Work Day' has been discontinued. 
To compensate, there is free pizza in the breakroom. 
Continue to make great things.
Management"
Savanah/Claire	IM thread	"Savannah: did you hear another 3 people went to the hospital yesterday? 
Claire: omg, y? the same stuff?
Savannah: yeah, they were all for 'mental fatigue' whatever that means
Claire: something sound suspicious in division c. 
Savannah: what is that, 13 this month? why has no one said anything?
Claire: you never know who is listening
-- Conversation Terminated by Management --"
Gabor Institute	Official Letter to Employees	"Memo: All Employees,
Due to recent mis-use of the company's instant messaging software - specifically discussing items outside of employee's scope of work - 
the software has been removed from all computers.
Any and all official correspondance will be occurring through memos or internal mail.
Continue to make great things.
Management"
Savannah/Charlie	IM thread	"Savannah: i think im next.
Charlie: why do you think that?
Savannah: they had me do a physical and concluded I was of 'stable mind and body', charlie, i dont want to do it.
Charlie: you could leave? they aren't forcing you to work here.
Savannah: thats just it - they kinda are. like - i can't afford to leave here with daycare and my mortgage. 
Savannah: i have to get out of here. 
Charlie: dont do anything rash. 
-- Conversation Terminated by Management --"
Gabor Institute	Letter of Qualification	"Congratulations,
You have been selected to participate in Operation Holofield Division C. As a result - your insurance premiums have tripled and will be taken out of your next paycheck. 
Please report to Sector 7 to begin training. You do not need to bring anything, we have it all on file.
Let us continue to make great things. 
Management"
Lab Tech 	Post Test Results	"Patient 97 is exhibiting signs of delusion. They are reaching for items that do not exist even after the reality filter has been re-activated.
Hypothesis: Patients with the capability to see both realms next fully leave either realm. 

Patient 110 is exhibiting severe signs of distress. They are screaming and shaking violently in the corner of the room saying - ""Make it stop"". Unresponsive to interuption.
Hypothesis: Patient was stretched too far in the second realm and have been unable to re-attach themselves to reality. 

Patient 115 and 116 appear to be colluding and working together. This is tremendous progress. They appear to be harnessing the powers to complete the given puzzles. 
Unfortunately: During one drop, their reality was incorrect and they plummeted into the pit. We should really look into removing such dangerous items from the test chambers. "
Dr Barot	Psycology Report	"Management, 
It is my humble opinion that these tests need to cease immediately. Those of sound body and mind are exhibiting signs of major disillusiment and violent rejections of the world. 
I do not understand why you continue to have me work with these patients as you continue to manipulate their brains for the sake of 'psuedo-science'. 
These are people you are destroying - people with dreams and families. You must stop these tests.
Dr Barot"
Subpoena	Clerk of Court	"Gabor Insitute,
It has been brought to our attention that there is unauthorized human testing occurring in your facilities. That is a direct violation of Section 112 Article 22.
The police are on their way to apprehend those who orchestrated the testing.
Clerk of Court - Angela Rutherford"
Lab Tech 	Post Test Results	"9:42am Patient 40 is demonstrating signs of harnessing their new capabilities. They are able to see doors, buttons, and switches to complete puzzles. 
10:18am Patient 40's condition has rapidly deteriorated. They are stating everytime they blink the reality is changing. 
10:40am Patient 40 is uncooperative.They have resigned themselves to the corner, refusing to move, refusing to open their eyes stating - ""I want to go home"". 
11:08am Patient 40 has been removed from the facility and transported to a local hospital. 
Results: Failure, but notable progress"
HR	Bring your Family to Work	"Hi Gabor family!
This weekend is 'Bring your Family to Work' day! 
-Those who volunteer to bring food will be awarded 2 hours of unpaid personal time.
-Those who volunteer to participate in Operation Holofield will be given 1 day of paid personal time for each family member.
-Those who volunteer to give a tour of a facility will be given 1 hour of unpaid personal time.
We look forward to seeing you there! 
HR"